the runners on parade folks for our big
winner tonight the game feeds corn
cooker on the six bend classic in
Ireland and then one is Wells burnt down
which is owned by Damian O'Connell bred
by Anna of Hamelin Chamber Tamla he is
for the son of razzle-dazzle Billy and
killed Tony wine number two then is sent
balloons pride on BiPAP mullet from
burrows chamber art by himself and right
by Michael picketing killing Nick
Chamberlain's pride a solid true honcho
in between three here is wonder why
which is owned by Eddie Eddie Pro
feature by Seamus Graham a daughter of
brettly and cool Ivana Kate was bred
down in Castle Island by Noel Brown
before then we have fleeting image here
coming in as reserve into this race and
fleeting image a really talented stair
champ at Dolores Ruth for John Keller
son of head bound and dear Prudence 5 at
this race is expressed trend the
favorite owned by Brendan co-chair by
Ian Riley a daughter Keira sweet tray
and Express miss she'd love to be on the
inside for what a powerful finishers
years and number six here his moment in
New York which is Gemma pending olson
for Anthony Hawke a daughter of Westby
talk and that red bitch dead set the
moment in New York also made her sick
spent debut in the first round here and
she has made a highly promising start
well goes in one Wells burnt on to say
Mullins pride three wonder white for
fleeting image five Express trend and
six is moment in New York they're now
behind traps and a way they goes number
one out fast Wells burned down but for
fleeting image shoots to the front three
going up well wonder wag now moves into
second as they go around the second
bandwidth for the leader here that's
bleeding image three wonder why in
second they
horn blows burnt down six on the outside
moment in New York and expressed trend
has gone onto the rail but she's back in
fourth place now has to head down the
far side with fleeting image the reserve
coming in into this one going on by two
and a half ranks wonder why second wells
burnt down putting in a room there and
expressed trend just beginning tomorrow
can't get through she's waiting for that
inside start as leading for all his
fleeting image in front from one wells
burnt annex first trend is not going to
get there and fleeting image the reserve
takes the top prize here from boom wells
burned down and five Express trend his
third the time not yet displayed for
this one but well leading image wasn't
in the final this morning and only two
tragic circumstances those fleeting
image get into the race and wins a trip
to Lourdes Ruth and owner John Kelleher
leading image does it well he showed
very good pace to take it up around
those opening bands and the fight
catching from there and well nothing
could halt immense of feeding image the
winner of the 2011
Horace cook : the result for the winner
that is fleeting image second number one
Welles burned and third number five
expressed trend and fourth number three
wonder why the time 41 76 fleeting image
after coming into the final it in
fairness to the dog he ran to well last
week that was his problem he ran up the
backside of it a couple of occasions and
lost ground at vital points and I was
probably the main reason he didn't
qualify but tonight got back in and
really made the most of his chance yes
he made a you know a great opportunity
trapped out in front but like he got in
under some sad circumstances and I would
like to pass on my condolences to the
Mathews family but the dog and the great
race track is just it is a bit tight for
him he's such a big dog and he struggles
a little on the band's but he got a
great break tonight was able to take
control from the very early stage so he
was able to handle it much better but
last week I told he was so lucky enough
to get through you know but he proved
like you could really do it tonight
delighted with him he was a dog that has
shown a lot of patient is past it he had
some fantastic for been for my remembers
first six veneration Sheldon
parity-check too badly didn't know where
the hair was it was all new to him but
he's still got off to win the first time
he's clearly a dog from the start looked
like I've been a real sixpence star yeah
he looked like that like John that done
the great job on the money looked after
he's just learning all the time
it's a very very young a doggie from to
have over the distance you know he was
only two year old when he was first but
over the 750 was such a big dog that was
a huge ask but he's top class great hunt
and again we'll be focusing all the top
six band events in the future I'm sure
yes absolutely like he'll you know run
in the Wiggum a little break now that
was the plan until we got called in to
run in the final we we hadn't even run
him in the consolation we said we'd give
him a break but we give him a break now
and then the big stakes
fair play like you don't often see it in
in the same business learn army to come
from behind a bit reruns out and our
name in the game was fight to five up to
750 a class act
I mean top class performance I'm well
entitled to like he's pretty unlucky too
gross in the semi-finals anyway run very
very well last week I said earlier the
Torrey maybe run the fact I was moving a
bit white last week but once he was over
was opened on Ferris James's bitch
pudding benefits the tube is putting her
a good rattle down the back a touch
matrix might even come and in didn't do
one dog like a top-class whaling either
that's best to look I'm concerned in the
winner as well and so now another look
at it here as we see number one coming
out as well Wells burned down for also
fleeting image and he shows in front
into the opening corner look at five
Express trend back in fifth waiting and
waiting up she can get the rail she
won't run and she gets onto that inside
rail but down on the far side fleeting
image in front wonder bag is in a good
position on second Wells burn tan is in
a really brilliant position of this
stage and look to have a fantastic
chance as he went down the far side but
it's fleeting image not easily cut this
fellow he was caught last week in the
semi-finals but he's obviously in much
better condition on this occasion and
out front now with number one wells
burned and looks a real life threat of
the last New Year's Express train coming
past wonder why but no further progress
from her and it's number four that's
fleeting image wins it holds on from
wells burned on who was again finding
that bit extra in the closing yards so
another very exciting finish the game
feeds horn to current here